Hey, the doctor's surgery was very successful.
After a few more days of observation, Xiao Di can live a normal life.
Thank you doctor
Flower heart
Smile, I heard that Xiaoli had surgery today
Just take a look.
It looks like it should be fine.
evening
Can I talk to you for a second?
Brother Yi, thank you
Are you free tonight?
Huai Jin and I would like to treat you to a meal
No, I'm going to take a plane.
Come over to the company and wait for me to go there.
This past
He's not coming back.
Did something happen to the company so suddenly?
Nothing happened just
Plans can't keep up with changes
Hello
I received your wedding invitation
But on your wedding day
I may not be able to go there.
This is my wedding gift to you.
Hope you
Happiness forever
Brother Xiaoyu, this is too expensive for me to accept
inexpensive
I originally bought a set
But
The remaining rings are not suitable for you.
Smile. Thank you.
Goodbye!
Good or bad is just
Promise me
that